So that concludes Lesson One.
We basically went over what type
of operating systems we have
available on the board as well as
how to install them onto the board.
So first off we went and explained what
the pros and cons are for Android.
Such as, Android only being Java
specific so it's actually really,
really easy to get right into it.
But again, because it's so specific and
because there's a loss of control,
you basically are just very limited
in your Android experience.
>> And next we went over the pros and cons
for Ubuntu, or more specifically Linaro.
And what we found out, or what we
concluded, was that it's more versatile in
the sense that you can develop in
a wider variety of language and tools.
And the only downside was that
there's a high learning curve and
that some simple tasks might be a bit
more difficult to execute than usual.
>> And then we talked about
the different ways to install it.
One way is to use the SD Card,
which might take a little longer, but
it's generally the easier route.
You're just flashing one image in,
plugging it in.
Whereas its fast boot, it might be a bit
faster and much speedier, but again, it's
a bit more difficult in the sense that you
need to know more of what you're doing
just to be safe that you don't somehow
fry your board from the software side.
Now do note that in the next eight videos,
you can choose whichever one that you
need to use to help flash onto the board.
But you can go ahead and
watch the other videos as well just
to kinda know what it's about.
>> And lastly,
though it's not currently available,
Windows 10 would be released, I believe,
by the end of the current year.
And so if you intend to download
Windows 10 on your DragonBoard,
be on the look out at 96boards.org
to check to see when those are out.